We welcome and appreciate contributions from the community to make the TargetPayAndBenefits application even better! By contributing, you help us improve the tool for everyone. Please take a moment to review this document to understand how you can contribute effectively.

Contribution Guidelines
Be Respectful: Maintain a positive and inclusive environment. Treat everyone with respect and professionalism.

Clear Communication: Clearly articulate your ideas, issues, and pull requests. Provide context and details where necessary.

Quality Code: Ensure your code is clean, well-commented, and adheres to the project's coding standards. Write tests for new features or bug fixes.

Stay Updated: Before starting work, pull the latest changes from the main branch to avoid merge conflicts.

One Feature/Fix Per PR: Keep your pull requests focused on a single feature or bug fix to make reviews easier.

How to Contribute
Fork the Repository: Start by forking the targetpayandbenefits repository to your GitHub account.

Clone Your Fork: Clone your forked repository to your local machine:

git clone https://github.com/YourGitHubUsername/targetpayandbenefits.git

Create a New Branch: Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix. Use a descriptive name (e.g., feature/add-receipt-upload, fix/login-bug).

git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name

Make Your Changes: Implement your changes, ensuring you follow the project's coding conventions.

Test Your Changes: Thoroughly test your changes to ensure they work as expected and don't introduce new issues.

Commit Your Changes: Commit your changes with a clear and concise commit message.

git commit -m "feat: Add new receipt upload functionality"

Push to Your Fork: Push your new branch to your forked repository on GitHub.

git push origin feature/your-feature-name

Open a Pull Request: Go to the original targetpayandbenefits repository on GitHub and open a new pull request from your branch. Provide a detailed description of your changes, why they are needed, and any relevant screenshots or steps to reproduce.

Reporting Issues
If you find a bug or encounter an issue, please report it on the GitHub Issues page. When reporting an issue, please include:

A clear and concise title.

A detailed description of the bug.

Steps to reproduce the issue.

Expected behavior vs. actual behavior.

Screenshots or error messages, if applicable.

Your operating system and browser version.

Suggesting Features
We love new ideas! If you have a feature suggestion, please open an issue on GitHub and label it as enhancement. Describe your idea clearly, explaining its benefits and potential use cases.

Code of Conduct
Please note that this project is released with a Contributor Code of Conduct. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its terms. We are committed to fostering an open and welcoming environment.

Review Process
All pull requests will be reviewed by the maintainers. We aim to provide constructive feedback and collaborate to integrate your contributions efficiently. Be prepared for potential requests fo
